what's going on guys it is dynasty and
I'm back bringing you another Grand
Theft Auto 5 video I got for y'all today
it's a new glitch that allows you to
keep the secret little pilot headset
that you can only get in the helicopter
permanently on grand theft auto online
it's quick and easy guys with that said
let's get into it so the first thing you
guys want to do is come to this location
on the map right here this is actually
where all the helicopters go ahead and
spawn it if you call Pegasus or if you
really just want to get a helicopter
just go to this location and this is
usually where the helicopter spawn now
once you've done that you want to
actually hold back on your xbox 360
controller and select any pair of
glasses from your inventory from there
all you want to actually do is get
inside the helicopter of your choice
press back a few times switch your
camera angle and make sure your guy
actually has the headset on now once you
see that he does have the headset on all
you want to do is go ahead and press
back one more time hold it down above
your inventory and switch your
sunglasses to any glasses not matter you
can pick any one of your choice then
from there you want to press start go
over to online you want to go ahead and
click on swap character now this is done
correctly when you go ahead and see that
you're backing out of the game here
you're going to see all your characters
that you do have in GTA online but like
I mentioned if it's done correctly
you're gonna see that your character has
the headset on still from the character
select screen so you guys fix you see
right now my main character here
actually does have the helicopter your
pilot headset on BAM as you guys can see
the headset still my character so
everyone's going to select your
character and just like that guys you
have the headset on permanently you can
spawn to any game online and you can see
out there he can still do all the main
things you can usually do you can shoot
your gun you can walk around you can run
you can sprint you can do just about
anything and everything and so you don't
have to worry about anything being
blocked off because you have these like
secret little pilot headsets on and as a
matter of fact you can still actually go
ahead and change your sunglasses you
simply go over to your inventory pull
down the back button and go to glasses
and swap back and forth you guys see I'm
doing right now you take off your
glasses you can put on your glasses I
know you're thinking like dynasty what
if I don't want this on permanently
anymore same thing guys go to your
inventory just want to go down to masks
so likes any masks and then take off the
mask and just like that you're gonna see
that the headset is gone that is the
only way to get rid of this headset once
this is done correctly this is a great
way for you guys you even wanted to get
this
a little pilot headset triple like leave
a comment subscribe a big thank you to
call it flaws you actually uploader this
today so go check them out at link to in
the description and that's about it guys
we'll see you all later peace